Clarifying (#8198)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Get-Team.md

```

### -MailNickName

> Specify the mailnickname of the team that is being returned. This acts as a filter rather than an exact match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the mailnickname of the team that is being returned. This acts as a filter instead of being an exact match.
```
